doc(release) Release notes collect 24.04.7 (#3825)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-24.04/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Collect

### 24.04.7

Release date: `November 26, 2024`

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Broker] Adaption of Broker to a new behavior of the MariaDB database concerning errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Broker] Adapted Broker to a new behavior of the MariaDB database concerning errors: Broker no longer fails to reconnect after an error.
```
